README.md, before:

![](pmpro-shipping-banner.jpg)

# [Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/) #
[comment]: # (Generate badges from shields.io, only works for .org plugins to get other stats etc. We'd have to create our own endpoints for Premium plugins)

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0%2B-red.svg?style=flat-square)

### Welcome to the Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout GitHub Repository

This plugin adds Shipping Address fields to the membership checkout page, confirmation page, confirmation emails, members list and edit user profile pages.

For more information please visit [the Add On documentation page for this plugin](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/).

## Installation ##
For detailed installation steps, visit the [documentation](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/) page.

1. Download the current development ZIP file directly: `https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/archive/dev.zip`

**Please ensure that once installing this version of the plugin to remove `-dev` from the plugin's folder name.**

## Bugs ##
If you find an issue/bug, let us know by [creating a detailed GitHub issue](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/issues/new/choose).

## Support ##
This is a developer's portal for Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout. We do not offer support on this channel. **Any support related questions should be directed to [our website](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/).**

## Contributing to Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout ##
We encourage and welcome any contribution to Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout. Please read the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/blob/dev/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repository.

There are various **ways to the help development** of Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout:

1. Report [bugs/issues](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
2. Work on any issues by submitting a Pull Request.

Here are some ways for **non-developers to contribute** to Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout:

1. Translate Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout into your own [language](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/paid-memberships-pro-in-your-language/).
2. [Purchase a Plus membership](https://paidmembershipspro.com/pricing) to help fund ongoing development and bug fixes.

Commit message:

Changing "shipping" to "mailing" in readme's

README.md, after:

![](pmpro-shipping-banner.jpg)

# [Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/) #
[comment]: # (Generate badges from shields.io, only works for .org plugins to get other stats etc. We'd have to create our own endpoints for Premium plugins)

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0%2B-red.svg?style=flat-square)

### Welcome to the Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout GitHub Repository

This plugin adds Mailing Address fields to the membership checkout page, confirmation page, confirmation emails, members list and edit user profile pages.

For more information please visit [the Add On documentation page for this plugin](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/).

## Installation ##
For detailed installation steps, visit the [documentation](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/) page.

1. Download the current development ZIP file directly: `https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/archive/dev.zip`

**Please ensure that once installing this version of the plugin to remove `-dev` from the plugin's folder name.**

## Bugs ##
If you find an issue/bug, let us know by [creating a detailed GitHub issue](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/issues/new/choose).

## Support ##
This is a developer's portal for Paid Memberships Pro - Shipping Address on Membership Checkout. We do not offer support on this channel. **Any support related questions should be directed to [our website](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/add-ons/shipping-address-membership-checkout/).**

## Contributing to Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout ##
We encourage and welcome any contribution to Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout. Please read the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/blob/dev/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repository.

There are various **ways to the help development** of Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout:

1. Report [bugs/issues](https://github.com/strangerstudios/pmpro-shipping/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
2. Work on any issues by submitting a Pull Request.

Here are some ways for **non-developers to contribute** to Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout:

1. Translate Paid Memberships Pro - Mailing Address on Membership Checkout into your own [language](https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/paid-memberships-pro-in-your-language/).
2. [Purchase a Plus membership](https://paidmembershipspro.com/pricing) to help fund ongoing development and bug fixes.
